And as a little bit of a pro tip to take things a little bit further.
Because depending on where you pull your audio from, if you're reusing different bits from your timeline
and you don't want it to sound too similar, like, oh, that person obviously coffee didn't, you know,
use that same audio twice.
So if we take a listen to the pitch, what we can do is a little bit of a trick here is to highlight
the second time that we use it.
And change the speed of the clip, and we can either increase the speed or decrease the speed if we
decrease the speed.
It's going to decrease the pitch, bringing it lower.
Or if we increase the speed, it's going to increase the pitch, bringing it higher.
So let's see what it sounds like if we go from a hundred percent speed to 80 percent speed.
So that's what it sounds like now.
It sounds like a completely different bird, I'm not saying it sounds amazing and this is the way I
would have it for the final edit, but this
is compared to the original.
This is pretty different.
I don't think that even a trained ear would necessarily know that we reuse that clip twice and we could
even maybe just do 90 percent because 80 percent, it sounded a little bit too deep, a little bit too
low.
So if we do, 90 percent.
Right.
Sounds completely different.
So that's another little hack right there to be able to reuse audio twice and kind of get away with
it.
We'll do more about using audio swooshed transitions and changing the speed later in the course.
But that's kind of a cool trick.